In India,  Bachelor of Science in Information Technology, (abbreviated BSIT or B.Sc. IT), is a bachelor's degree awarded for an undergraduate program in the information technology.
In a year, there are 2 Semester each of a period of 6 months approximately.
There are total 6 Semesters, Every semesters the subjects change, and new and different subjects come.
Now, I am in 5th Semester and this is my third year, respectively.
Generate me at least 200 questions for the subject 'Internet Of Things' based on the information provided above and syllabus provided below.
UNIT 1 :
The Internet of Things: An Overview: The Flavour of the Internet of
Things, The “Internet” of “Things”, The Technology of the Internet of
Things, Enchanted Objects,
Who is Making the Internet of Things?
Design Principles for Connected Devices: Calm and Ambient
Technology, Magic as Metaphor, Privacy, Keeping Secrets, Whose
Data Is It Anyway? Web Thinking for Connected Devices, Small
Pieces, Loosely Joined, First-Class Citizens on The Internet, Graceful
Degradation, Affordances.
Internet Principles: Internet Communications: An Overview, IP,
TCP, The IP Protocol Suite (TCP/IP), UDP, IP Addresses, DNS,
Static IP Address Assignment,
Dynamic IP Address Assignment, IPv6, MAC Addresses, TCP and
UDP Ports, An Example: HTTP Ports, Other Common Ports,
Application Layer Protocols, HTTP,
HTTPS: Encrypted HTTP, Other Application Layer Protocols.
UNIT 2 :
Thinking About Prototyping: Sketching, Familiarity, Costs versus
Ease of Prototyping, Prototypes and Production, Changing Embedded
Platform, Physical Prototypes and Mass Personalisation, climbing into
the Cloud, Open Source versus Closed Source, Why Closed? Why
Open? Mixing Open and Closed Source, Closed Source for Mass
Market Projects, Tapping into the Community.
Prototyping Embedded Devices: Electronics, Sensors, Actuators,
Scaling Up the Electronics, Embedded Computing Basics,
Microcontrollers, System-on-Chips, Choosing Your Platform,
Arduino, developing on the Arduino, Some Notes on the Hardware,
Openness, Raspberry Pi, Cases and Extension Boards, Developing on
the Raspberry Pi, Some Notes on the Hardware, Openness.
UNIT 3 :
Prototyping the Physical Design: Preparation, Sketch, Iterate, and
Explore, Nondigital Methods, Laser Cutting, Choosing a Laser Cutter,
Software, Hinges and Joints, 3D Printing, Types of 3D Printing,
Software, CNC Milling, Repurposing/Recycling.
Prototyping Online Components: Getting Started with an API,
Mashing Up APIs, Scraping, Legalities, writing a New API,
Clockodillo, Security, implementing the API, Using Curl to Test,
Going Further, Real-Time Reactions, Polling, Comet, Other Protocols,
MQ Telemetry Transport, Extensible Messaging and Presence
Protocol, Constrained Application Protocol.
UNIT 4 :
Techniques for Writing Embedded Code: Memory Management,
Types of Memory, Making the Most of Your RAM, Performance and
Battery Life, Libraries,Debugging.
Business Models: A Short History of Business Models, Space and
Time, From Craft to Mass Production, The Long Tail of the Internet,
Learning from History, The Business Model Canvas, Who Is the
Business Model For? Models, Make Thing, Sell Thing, Subscriptions,
Customisation, be a Key Resource, Provide Infrastructure: Sensor
Networks, take a Percentage, Funding an Internet of Things Startup,
Hobby Projects and Open Source, Venture Capital, Government
Funding, Crowdfunding, Lean Startups
UNIT 5 :
Moving to Manufacture: What Are You Producing? Designing Kits,
Designing Printed circuit boards, Software Choices, The Design
Process, Manufacturing Printed Circuit Boards, Etching Boards,
Milling Boards. Assembly, Testing, Mass-Producing the Case and
Other Fixtures, Certification, Costs, Scaling Up Software,
Deployment, Correctness and Maintainability, Security, Performance,
User Community.
Ethics: Characterizing the Internet of Things, Privacy, Control,
Disrupting Control,Crowdsourcing, Environment, Physical Thing,
Electronics, Internet Service, Solutions, The Internet of Things as Part
of the Solution, Cautious Optimism, The Open Internet of Things
Definition.
