In the context "BSc IT" and the subject "Internet of Things", generate 12 questions for each unit and divide the questions in each unit chapterwise equally. For example, If a unit have 3 chapters then generate 4 questions for each chapter, if a unit have 2 chapters then generate 6 questions for each chapter, if a unit have only 1 chapter then generate 12 questions for the chapter. Take the help of subtopics in each chapter to generate appropriate questions:


UNIT 1 :
Introduction to Software Project Management:Introduction, Why
is Software Project Management Important? What is a Project?
Software Projects versus Other Types of Project, Contract
Management and Technical Project Management, Activities Covered
by Software Project Management, Plans, Methods and Methodologies,
Some Ways of Categorizing Software Projects, Project Charter,
Stakeholders, Setting Objectives, The Business Case, Project Success
and Failure, What is Management? Management Control, Project
Management Life Cycle, Traditional versus Modern Project
Management Practices.

Project Evaluation and Programme Management: Introduction,
Business Case, Project Portfolio Management, Evaluation of
Individual Projects, Cost–benefit Evaluation Techniques, Risk
Evaluation, Programme Management, Managing the Allocation of
Resources within Programmes, Strategic Programme Management,
Creating a Programme, Aids to Programme Management, Some
Reservations about Programme Management, Benefits Management.
An Overview of Project Planning:Introduction to Step Wise Project

Planning, Step 0: Select Project, Step 1: Identify Project Scope and
Objectives, Step 2: Identify Project Infrastructure, Step 3: Analyse
Project Characteristics, Step 4: Identify Project Products and
Activities, Step 5: Estimate Effort for Each Activity, Step 6: Identify
Activity Risks, Step 7: Allocate Resources, Step 8: Review/Publicize
Plan, Steps 9 and 10: Execute Plan/Lower Levels of Planning

UNIT 2 :
Selection of an Appropriate Project Approach:Introduction, Build
or Buy? Choosing Methodologies and Technologies, Software
Processes and Process Models, Choice of Process Models, Structure
versus Speed of Delivery, The Waterfall Model, The Spiral Model,
Software Prototyping, Other Ways of Categorizing Prototypes,
Incremental Delivery, Atern/Dynamic Systems Development Method,
Rapid Application Development, Agile Methods, Extreme
Programming (XP), Scrum, Lean Software Development, Managing
Iterative Processes, Selecting the Most Appropriate Process Model.

Software Effort Estimation:Introduction, Where are the Estimates
Done? Problems with Over- and Under-Estimates, The Basis for
Software Estimating, Software Effort Estimation Techniques, Bottom-
up Estimating, The Top-down Approach and Parametric Models,
Expert Judgement, Estimating by Analogy, Albrecht Function Point
Analysis, Function Points Mark II, COSMIC Full Function Points,

COCOMO II: A Parametric Productivity Model, Cost Estimation,
Staffing Pattern, Effect of Schedule Compression, Capers Jones
Estimating Rules of Thumb.

UNIT 3 :
Activity Planning: Introduction, Objectives of Activity Planning,
When to Plan, Project Schedules, Projects and Activities, Sequencing
and Scheduling Activities, Network Planning Models, Formulating a
Network Model, Adding the Time Dimension, The Forward Pass,
Backward Pass, Identifying the Critical Path, Activity Float,
Shortening the Project Duration, Identifying Critical Activities,
Activity-on-Arrow Networks.

Risk Management: Introduction, Risk, Categories of Risk, Risk
Management Approaches, A Framework for Dealing with Risk, Risk
Identification, Risk Assessment, Risk Planning, Risk Management,
Evaluating Risks to the Schedule, Boehm‟s Top 10 Risks and Counter
Measures, Applying the PERT Technique, Monte Carlo Simulation,
Critical Chain Concepts.

Resource Allocation: Introduction, Nature of Resources, Identifying
Resource Requirements, Scheduling Resources, Creating Critical
Paths, Counting the Cost, Being Specific, Publishing the Resource
Schedule, Cost Schedules, Scheduling Sequence.

UNIT 4 :
Monitoring and Control: Introduction, Creating the Framework,
Collecting the Data, Review, Visualizing Progress, Cost Monitoring,
Earned Value Analysis, Prioritizing Monitoring, Getting the Project
Back to Target, Change Control, Software Configuration Management
(SCM).

Managing Contracts: Introduction, Types of Contract, Stages in
Contract Placement, Typical Terms of a Contract, Contract
Management, Acceptance.

Managing People in Software Environments: Introduction,
Understanding Behaviour, Organizational Behaviour: A Background,
Selecting the Right Person for the Job, Instruction in the Best
Methods, Motivation, The Oldham–Hackman Job Characteristics
Model, Stress, Stress Management, Health and Safety, Some Ethical
and Professional Concerns.

UNIT 5 :
Working in Teams: Introduction, becoming a Team, Decision
Making, Organization and Team Structures, Coordination
Dependencies, Dispersed and Virtual Teams, Communication Genres,
Communication Plans, Leadership.

Software Quality: Introduction, The Place of Software Quality in
Project Planning, Importance of Software Quality, Defining Software
Quality, Software Quality Models, ISO 9126, Product and Process
Metrics, Product versus Process Quality Management, Quality
Management Systems, Process Capability Models, Techniques to
Help Enhance Software Quality, Testing, Software Reliability,
Quality Plans.

Project Closeout: Introduction, Reasons for Project Closure, Project
Closure Process, Performing a Financial Closure, Project Closeout
Report.
