Discuss on .net frame work architecture?
Write a note on type casting. Give examples?
What is a delegate, explain with examples?
Write on looping statements, explain any one with example?
Write a note on control flow statements?
Write a note on .net assemblies?
Write a note on class, give example?
Explain namespace in detail?
Write on assembly and its types?
Discuss on inheritance, explain any one in detail?
What is web form model?
Explain server controls in detail?
What is a page, discuss in detail?
Write a note on web.config file?
Write a note on list control?
Explain any one validation control in detail?
Discuss on calendar control?
Write a note on Sitemap control?
Explain about tree view control?
Discuss in detail about web control class?
Define CSS, Explain Internal Style sheet with example?
What is an external style sheet give example?
Write on Theme, give the steps to create a theme in asp?
Write a note on skin file, give its types?
What is master page. Discuss the steps to create a master page?
What is an exception, give example?
How to create user define exception and give example?
Discuss on tracing and types of tracing?
Discuss on View State?
Write on session state?
Compare and contrast all state management techniques?
Explain cookies with example?
What is query string, explain its implementation?
Explain application state?
What is a grid view, give the different formatting techniques?
How to select, page and edit a row in grid view?
Discuss on details view?
Explain form view in detail?
Give the steps to configure database?
What is direct access, explain?
Write a data reader and data adapter object?
Give the use of disconnected data architecture?
Discuss on Data Provider Model?
What is data binding give its types?
Discuss on ingle value data binding?
Write on Repeated Value Binding?
What is a Data source control, give example?
Explain in brief ado.net architecture?
Explain XML in detail with an example?
Explain XML validation in detail?
How does XSLT works?
Explain windows authentication in ASP .NET?
Explain the various authentication mechanisms in ASP .NET?
What is impersonation in ASP .NET?
Explain windows authentication?
Explain UpdatePanel and ScriptManager control with an example?
Expalin UpdateProgress control and Timer control in detail?
Explain AJAX. What are the advantages of AJAX?
